Element Specified in Recipes (#1956)
cyclus/cyclus: CHANGELOG.rst

* Allow multiple archetype blocks to facilitate includes (#1874)
* New composition specification based on single nuclide (#1949) 
* Added ability to calcuate a time shift between the start time and some other time stamp (#1907)

> * Recipes can accept id entries as entries (#1956)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recipes can accept element entries as well as nuclides (#1956)
```
